# How do I approach designing software? 
In general, I approach designing software by breaking down my objectives and considering what I will need to do or learn to accomplish each goal.  This method worked well in this class since we generally learned one major concept every week, so I was able to gradually identify how I wanted to create my project and how to implement the techniques we were learning.  I focused on one object at a time, beginning with the shapes, then incorporating textures and lighting.  I can continue to learn 3D graphics with this approach, learning more about how to create additional shapes or add movement, or learn about the different OpenGL libraries.  I can also apply my approach to developing software by identifying tasks a program should perform and working through how to code them one step at a time.

# How do I approach developing programs?
While working on my 3D scene, I found it was very important to write code is small pieces and test regularly.  If I ran into issues, it was much easier to identify the problem if I knew what was working in an earlier test.  I was able to reuse several pieces of code, generally for each shape, which helped keep the code more organized and efficient.  I also found that as I progressed in the development of my project, I found it more helpful to explore how the functions from the OpenGL libraries worked.

# How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
Learning different aspects of computer science is helpful because it’s a huge field with infinite possibilities.  In several courses we have been learning about different aspects of developing software to fit the needs of a company, in this course we learned the basics of developing with OpenGL.  Graphics is generally associated with things like video games and simulations.  I am interested in learning more about video games and graphics for video games, but graphics could be useful in many other fields as well.  Other personal areas of interest that I could see incorporating graphics and visualizations into a program are medical imaging and education, archaeology, and the development of assistive devices.
